feat: support client certificates (#31529)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/params.md

Does not enforce fixed viewport, allows resizing window in the headed mode.

## context-option-clientCertificates
- `clientCertificates` <[Array]<[Object]>>
  - `url` <[string]> Glob pattern to match the URLs that the certificate is valid for.
  - `certs` <[Array]<[Object]>> List of client certificates to be used.

>     - `cert` ?<[string]> Path to the file with the certificate in PEM format.

Author: Our goal is to make it CI friendly, so what about:

- If `pfx` first two bytes are `30 82` (magic bytes) then treat it as a PFX file - otherwise read it from the FS.
- If `cert` contains `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----` ...
- If a `kek` contain `-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----` or ` -----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----`...

> Also, pfx is not a path, any specific reason it's different?

By accident.

    - `key` ?<[string]> Path to the file with the private key in PEM format.
    - `passphrase` ?<[string]> Passphrase for the private key (PEM or PFX).
    - `pfx` ?<[string]> PFX or PKCS12 encoded private key and certificate chain.

> An array of client certificates to be used. Each certificate object must have `cert` and `key` or `pfx` to load the client certificate. Optionally, `passphrase` property should be provided if the private key is encrypted. If the certificate is issued by a custom certificate authority, the `ignoreHTTPSErrors` needs to be set. If the certificate is valid only for specific URLs, the `url` property should be provided with a glob pattern to match the URLs that the certificate is valid for.

Author: passing `clientCertificates` aka. `pfx/cert/key` is for server side validation while passing `ca` is for client validation. So passing `ignoreHTTPSErrors` is a workaround until we add `ca`. I have a test for it called `should throw with a untrusted CA`.

:::note

> Using Client Certificates in combination with Proxy Servers is not supported.

Author: Not sure if this is relevant to the user, since its more of an implementation detail, since all the traffic goes through the proxy anyways?

> Using Client Certificates in combination with Proxy Servers is not supported.

Author: Discussed offline: Not needed.

Does not enforce fixed viewport, allows resizing window in the headed mode.

## context-option-clientCertificates
- `clientCertificates` <[Array]<[Object]>>
  - `url` <[string]> Glob pattern to match the URLs that the certificate is valid for.
  - `certs` <[Array]<[Object]>> List of client certificates to be used.
    - `certPath` ?<[string]> Path to the file with the certificate in PEM format.
    - `keyPath` ?<[string]> Path to the file with the private key in PEM format.
    - `pfxPath` ?<[string]> Path to the PFX or PKCS12 encoded private key and certificate chain.
    - `passphrase` ?<[string]> Passphrase for the private key (PEM or PFX).

An array of client certificates to be used. Each certificate object must have `cert` and `key` or `pfx` to load the client certificate. Optionally, `passphrase` property should be provided if the private key is encrypted. If the certificate is valid only for specific URLs, the `url` property should be provided with a glob pattern to match the URLs that the certificate is valid for.

:::note
Using Client Certificates in combination with Proxy Servers is not supported.
:::

:::note

> When using WebKit on macOS, accessing `localhost` might not work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using WebKit on macOS, accessing `localhost` will not pick up client certificates. You can make it work by replacing `localhost` with `local.playwright`.
```
